Robert Grindlewalker. We all knew him as Bobby. Bobby was the best Physic's teacher that Springville High School ever had. We all often wondered
why someone of his intellectual ability was a teaching AP Physics and not working towards making a new discovery in the field of Quantum Mechanics.
It was not until his 50th birthday, when he announced that he would retire at the end of the academic year, did we learn why. 

He told us a wild story of his very first, and incidentally, very last research experience. He was working toward making an incredible new discovery 
at a prestigious and top secret government laboratory. After only 2 months of working there, however, a horrible accident occured, leaving him banned 
from research labs accross the country.

"It involved a rare new chemical I found- Destructinium. It's properties allow a microgram of it to create enough energy to destroy multiple buildings. And I,I..."

I shuddered, waiting for his next words, knowing they would be mortifying.

"I was the one in charge of putting labels on the containers. It was a Friday and I was trying to head out early so I accidentally
mixed up the stickers for 'Harmlessite' and 'Destructinium' and left." His eyes were wide as he stared off into space. "I didn't even find
out until I turned on the news the next day. There were no survivors. Also I was fired."  

We were shocked. To think that the harmless old Bobby had caused such a catastrophe. The auditorium was silent. "I spent the last 20 years, working at this school
just to pay the bills. But every moment I spent at home, I was working on restructuring and reconnecting phasiod particles in a quantum realm. After all these years,
I have managed to successfully restructure them. I will not see you kids for a while, and when you do see me, I may look like an 80 year old man. It is a way for me
to fix my mistakes. I hope that one day you kids find me working in a research lab again." We were all very confused at these statements, but it was not until his 
last line did we realize what he was talking about. "Springville High, it's time to say goodbye. My time machine is waiting for me."
